okay got a good video for you here the
castle is behind me that is the mine
train coaster there you could see
there's a lot more rock yeah we're going
over the wall a little bit I just wanted
a better vantage point then the peekaboo
was giving me so I'm not doing anything
illegal the peekaboo is right there I'm
just going a little higher look at that
squiggly track on the left the fence is
completely done from what I could see I
kind of like it looks rustic and now i'm
actually looking through the peekaboo
station there we're going to go over a
few more rules there's some structures i
love the bridge in the back the track is
much wine dear and going over and above
itself than I thought yeah I don't like
this wall
a lot of rockwork look at how the rock
kind of hugs the track is like between a
lot of that rock beasts castle again is
behind me and I'm looking at that I
think that's the second drop out and
look at that that's the bridge the
coaster actually goes over that bridge
and look at how big that crop looks
that's a curvy kind of a drop there it
goes much deeper than I thought I
couldn't see that from the peekaboo
stations I'm very nervous that
somebody's going to like scream and yell
at me and I have to beg and plead I
don't know they're just a boulder here I
didn't know what I was going to get
until I watched it later I was too high
away from me and this is the back the
mermaid is behind me that's that little
snack shop with the real healthy snacks
that has great and that building now is
a disney vacation club building and
those ornate fish that i saw they were
white in the last video they have now
been painted to look like a rustic
already and this is the people who
station between Dumbo and the teacups
and I thought we'd get another vantage
point here in a moment by going over who
wore so much being done and I can't wait
to see the inside and it's so much
deeper of a chasm that I'm fine
I walk down just a little bit further I
think to buy pool and then do the
overall very quickly and was like look
at those guards great attachment but
it's it's coming along i'm liking it and
i will have updates again soon